ANSWERS:

Module 8 and 9:

1. Correlation:
   a) i) 0.6
   b) iii) Strong negative correlation

2. Basics of Regression Models:
   a) ii) To predict continuous outcomes
   b) i) One

3. Ordinary Least Squares (OLS):
   a) i) Minimizing the sum of squared errors
   b) ii) The value of the dependent variable when all independent variables are zero

4. Simple Linear Regression:
   a) ii) It is the variable being predicted from
   b) i) By minimizing the sum of squared residuals

5. Random Forests:
   a) iii) They are an ensemble learning method
   b) ii) By averaging predictions from multiple decision trees

6. Model Diagnostics:
   a) ii) To identify outliers and patterns in the residuals
   b) ii) The model is unbiased

7. Logistic Regression:
   a) ii) Categorical
   b) i) To calculate probabilities of class membership

8. K Nearest Neighbors (KNN):
   a) ii) The number of nearest neighbors to consider
   b) ii) By assigning it to the most common class among its nearest neighbors

9. K-Means Clustering:
   a) i) To maximize intra-cluster similarity and minimize inter-cluster similarity
   b) i) Randomly

10. PCA (Principal Component Analysis):
    a) i) To reduce the dimensionality of the data
    b) i) By maximizing the covariance between variables

Module 14:

1. Padding:
   a) ii) To increase the size of feature maps
   b) iv) Zero padding

2. Strided Convolutions:
   a) iii) The step size of the filter/kernel
   b) ii) Decreases the output size

3. Convolutions Over Volume:
   a) iv) The number of output channels
   b) i) By using 3D filters/kernels

4. One Layer of a Convolutional Network:
   a) ii) To introduce non-linearity
   b) i) Filter/kernel weights and biases

5. Simple Convolutional Network Example:
   a) i) Multiple convolutional layers followed by pooling layers and fully connected layers
   b) iii) To make predictions based on the features learned by convolutional layers

6. Pooling Layers:
   a) ii) To reduce the size of feature maps
   b) i) Max pooling

7. CNN Example:
   a) ii) Image classification
   b) ii) To extract relevant features from the input data
